I first became interested in computer science when I was in community
college. I did eight years in the navy as an active duty Electrician's
Mate and I learned a lot about engineering, and I thought I was going
to go to college to do electrical engineering. However, some of
the classes that you learn with electrical engineering are computer
science, and I went to a research internship. It wasn't an internship
it was just research for UC Berkeley, and I thought I was going to
do electrical engineering, but they had so many cool computer science
topics and professors and little things around campus that really
empowered me to kind of consider computer science as a career. So
when I went back home, when I was done with the research and I went
back home, I really focused on my computer science classes and I just
realized, hey you know out of all the classes that I am learning,
math, science, english, the computer science classes were some of the
most fun, and I just thought you know, if I want to make my own business,
if I was doing electrical engineering I'd have to go to radio
shack, I'd have to buy resistors, I'd have to spend lots of money,
I'd have to like spend lots of time. But with computer science, you
have your own business right in front of you if you just open up your
laptop. You can have a million dollar idea just opening your laptop
and typing on some keys. So that sold me.